bumping fees to 6 percent (#8)
Ethereum-Max/Ethereum-Max-Contracts: README.md

# Ethereum Max

## PreRequisites
* Install Chrome, Firefox, Opera
* Install MetaMask
* Install NodeJS

> * Install TruffleJS
> * Install Ganache
> 
> 
> ## Deploying To Test Net
> * **_Single line view_**
> 	* `git pull --all; npm install; truffle compile; npx truffle migrate --compile-all --network ropsten --reset`
> * Execute the command below to pull in all the most recent changes
>     * `git pull --all`
> * Execute the command below to install all dependencies fo project
>     * `npm install`
> * Execute the command below to compile smart contracts
>     * `truffle compile`
> * Execute the command below to deploy to testnet

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Deploying To Test Net
* **_Single line view_**
	* `git pull --all; npm install; truffle compile; npx truffle migrate --compile-all --network ropsten --reset`
* Execute the command below to pull in all the most recent changes
    * `git pull --all`
* Execute the command below to install all pinned dependencies for project
    * `npm ci`
* Execute the command below to compile smart contracts
    * `truffle compile`
* Execute the command below to deploy to testnet
```
